samples: nrf5340: extxip_smp_svr: Convert to sysbuild (#16513)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_sysbuild.rst

.. _child_parent_to_sysbuild_migration_partition_manager:

Partition Manager
=================

> Support for using the Partition Manager for an image was moved to sysbuild.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for using the Partition Manager for an image has been moved to sysbuild.
```

Author: Fixed

+---------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``SB_CONFIG_PM_MCUBOOT_PAD``                      | MCUboot image header padding                                    |
+---------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``SB_CONFIG_PM_EXTERNAL_FLASH_MCUBOOT_SECONDARY`` | Places the secondary MCUboot update partition in external flash |
+---------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``SB_CONFIG_PM_OVERRIDE_EXTERNAL_DRIVER_CHECK``   | Will force override the external flash driver check             |
+---------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+

You must update your applications to select the required Kconfig options at the sysbuild level for applications to work.
If these options are not set, firmware updates may not work or images may fail to boot.

.. _child_parent_to_sysbuild_migration_qspi_xip:

QSPI XIP flash split code
-------------------------

> Support for using application image based on the Quad Serial Peripheral Interface (QSPI) with Execute in place (XIP) flash split was moved to sysbuild.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for using an application image based on the Quad Serial Peripheral Interface (QSPI) with the Execute in place (XIP) flash memory split has been moved to sysbuild.
```

Author: Fixed

|           Kconfig option           |                                                Description                                                 |
+====================================+============================================================================================================+
| ``SB_CONFIG_QSPI_XIP_SPLIT_IMAGE`` | Enables splitting application into internal flash and external QSPI XIP flash images with MCUboot signing. |
+------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

You must update your applications to select the required Kconfig options at the sysbuild level for applications to work.
If these options are not set, the QSPI XIP flash code sections will not be generated.
The MCUboot image number is now dependent upon what images are present in a build, and the Kconfig option ``SB_CONFIG_MCUBOOT_QSPI_XIP_IMAGE_NUMBER`` gives the image number of this section.

The format for the Partition Manager static partition file has also changed.

> There must now be a pad section and app section which form the primary section in a span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There must now be a ``pad`` section and an ``app`` section which form the primary section in a span.
```

Author: Fixed
